## LICENSE TERMS AND AGREEMENT FOR USE OF METAREKORDFIXER APPLICATION ##

## Basic Provisions

DJ Sweder (hereinafter referred to as "**author**") provides the software
MetaRekordFixer (hereinafter referred to as "**application**") to users
under the conditions described below.

## Declaration of No Affiliation

The application is not a product of AlphaTheta Corporation. Rekordbox™
is a trademark of AlphaTheta Corporation.

## Character and Purpose of the Application

The application is primarily developed for educational and research
purposes. It allows reading and editing of records in a database created
through Rekordbox™ software. Any use of the application is at the
user's own risk.

## Risks Associated with Using the Application

The user acknowledges that the application works with a database created
through third-party software (Rekordbox™) and that manipulation of this
database may potentially lead to damage, unwanted modification, or loss
of user's data. The author bears no responsibility for any damages
incurred by the user through the use of the application. Furthermore,
the author bears no responsibility for violations of licensing
conditions or other legal obligations of the user towards AlphaTheta
Corporation.

## Third Party Components

The application may use third-party software and libraries. During the
application installation, the latest versions of these components may be
downloaded from the internet. The author of the application is not the
author of these components and cannot provide any guarantees for them.
The user acknowledges that the use of these tools is subject to their
own licensing terms.

## Limitation of Liability

The application is provided "as is", without any warranties. In no
event shall the author of the application be liable for any direct,
indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages arising from the
use of this application.

## MIT LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2025 DJ Sweder

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

These terms constitute the complete agreement between the author of the
application and the user and are governed by the relevant legal
provisions.
